Bitcoin gas costs (#1603)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/integrations/bitcoin/bitcoin-how-it-works.md

The final stage of development of a Bitcoin smart contract is its deployment on the IC with the Bitcoin API set to use Bitcoin Mainnet. This is the final production environment for the smart contract and is now available.

> ## API fees / Pricing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API fees & Pricing
```

> The costs of API calls in cycles and USD for the Bitcoin Testnet and Bitcoin Mainnet APIs is presented in the following tables. As a general principle for the Bitcoin API, some API calls must have a minimum amount of cycles attached to the call as indicated in the column *Minimum cycles to send with call*. Cycles not consumed by the call are returned to the caller. The reason for providing the minimum cycles is future proofness of the API, i.e., to allow for pricing of API calls to change without breaking existing smart contracts when the Bitcoin subnet grows in terms of replication factor in the future. The call for submitting a Bitcoin transaction to the Bitcoin network does not require one to attach extra cycles as the charged cost is independent of the replication factor of the subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The costs of API calls in cycles and USD for the Bitcoin Testnet and Bitcoin Mainnet APIs is presented in the following tables. As a general principle for the Bitcoin API, some API calls must have a minimum amount of cycles attached to the call as indicated in the column *Minimum cycles to send with call*. Cycles not consumed by the call are returned to the caller. Requiring a relatively large minimum number of cycles makes it possible to change the pricing of API calls without breaking existing smart contracts when the Bitcoin subnet grows in terms of replication factor in the future. The call for submitting a Bitcoin transaction to the Bitcoin network does not require extra cycles to be attached as the charged cost is independent of the replication factor of the subnet.
```
